[Spectre] Congratulations. Humans haven't been on
the moon in hundreds of years.
[Hunter] Nice place to visit,
but I wouldn't want to live here.
[Spectre] Dying here is much more likely.
[Sorceress] Nice pep talk.
[Music]
[Titan] Oh man, there's nothing I hate more
than an alien with no respect for history.
[Sorceress] Knock knock.
[Titan] Who's there?
[Explosion]
[Sorceress] Well, now it's a party.
[Spectre] Music?
[Hunter] Mhm something classical.
[Immigrant song]
[Explosion]
[Titan] Venus.
[Hunter] Venus, baby. Venus.
[Shots]
[Music]
[Sorceress] Hello, Mars.
[Sorceress] Anybody speak space turtle?
[Hunter] I can say hello in any language.
[Explosion]
[Titan] Looks like he can say goodbye, too.
[Music stops]
[Hunter] Wow, what do you think is down there?
[Spectre] Uh, death.
[Titan] Theirs are ours.
[Sorceress] Let's find out.
[Titan] I hate when she does that.